Let's continue by adjusting the typescript configuration we need to adjust it because our default typescript
Quantic which is responsible for compiling our typescript code to javascript code that won't work for
the server side.
There we of course want to execute our angular code.
So we want to execute our angular app there but we need to compile it into code that does not run on
the browser.
But on the server and for example node J.S. which is the language you have to use for that pre rendering
uses a different import export syntax.
So we need to compile our typescript code differently.
And to add this compilation we can take DTA conflict on app adjacent file and duplicated.
And let's rename it two tiers config dot server dot Jason fall now in there.
You need to switch the module from E.S. 2015 to common J.S..
You can also find this here now Deandra settings are OK.
But we need to add one extra setting.
We need to add some angular compiler options.
You can of course just copy the entire snippet here.
Now I will just add these options and they will configure that angular compiler which is not the typescript
compiler but an additional compiler which compiles the angular templates.
So your HMO code with all your directive sets on to native javascript code does compiler needs to know
what your starting moduli is.
And here I'm pointing at the app apps or the module file without the extension hash tag and then the
class name we find in that file.
And if you didn't change anything about that app server module then this default setting should work
for you.
Now we can compile our annular app which is written in typescript of course into a word that can be
run on the server for that.
We just need to tweak our angular Jason fall a bit.
There we need to add a new built command the server command and I'll just copy the entire command.
Let's go to the angler Jason Folden and let's search for the architect node.
There we have the built command which builds it for the client and below that I will add my server command.
Now you could add it anywhere in that architect.
Note by the way I will add it here and the server command will allow us to run these Seelye or run the
build process through to Selye to take our typescript configuration automatically and then build our
app for deserver optimize it and do all the heavy lifting for us.
For that it will take a specialized builder build tool which is shipping with the Selye or as a dependency
of DC.
To be precise which is suited for service side packages.
And we set some options and now here is an important option.
This is where we want to build our app to and I will name this dist recipe dash book.
Now just a side note for the normal build process.
The output Potthast just set to Dist.
Let's change this to this slash rouser.
And now go back to our service side built and maybe changed it to Dist server so that this is really
clear that this is the service I built.
Now we also have defined the entry point which is this newly added main dot server a TS file and which
type of configuration to use.
Now with that we set up the build workflow and we can already test it to run our new server command
here.
We simply run Engy run not NPM run N-G run then the name of your project which you find in the angular
Jason File here under projects.
In my case it's five complete guide.
Then a colon and then the command you want to run.
So anything from that architect node built for example or in our case server.
Let's edit here and hit enter.
And this will now run our build command here which we just added with our typescript configuration and
it should spit out a folder dist server which holds a main dot J as fall which is to built angular bundle
for the service side.
Or at least some part of it which is required to do that service Hyper-V rendering now dead has to build
process which we need to adjust as a next step.
Let's add a simple node.
JS server which is capable of running debt free rendering process and serving our angular app.